Italics intermezzos

Like in Earth Abides, where these are objective descriptions of the Earth post apocalypse (probably as described by the protagonist).

This is interesting because it's inherently interesting to learn about what happens to Earth after the demise of man. These are also well researched.

We could have the same.

Note somewhere in normal text that the main character is thinking of writing a book about his adventures in San Francisco.

---

_The Pyramid is a mystery for all. There is no reason why it should stand better against time than other ancient buildings of its kind. Some people believe it's shape makes it channel something that even the ancients didn't know about. Others say there is something about the place that was there even before the Pyramid was built. Even before the ancients first arrived in the area in search of gold._

---

_These monsters and creatures were once stories. People amused themselves with tales about orcs and giant rats, trolls and zombies, and they thought these stories are pure fantasy. Just something that comes to them. Something their brains create from nothing. But that wasn't the case. These were memories of things that hadn't happened yet. These were precognitions of the future. A shared clairvoyance of things to come. For our ancestors, this was amusement. For us, it's everyday horror._

---

_Some people believe there is no pure evil. All beings are good by nature, and if they act badly it's merely by error, ignorance or outside influence. But I have seen pure evil. The first time it wasn't even one of the Crowd. I saw evil in such beautiful animal as lions. There was a pack of lions lounging just outside the palisade of Zamora. They killed a dog for no reason other than to see it die. They took their time, and when the dog was finally dead, I could see they were excited. Their eyes shone and they played with the body. They killed a being that posed no threat to them, and they were spending happy about the deed. Lions are evil. Goblins are evil. People are evil as well._